From Hansel minutes.com. It's
Hansel minutes, a weekly discussion
with web developer and technologists.
Scott Hanselman posted by Carl Franklin.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number one 20 recorded live
Wednesday, June 18th, 2008. Support for Hansel
minutes is provided by Tellerik
rad controls, but most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications.
online@wwwdottelerikdotcomandby.net developers journal the world's
leading.net developer magazine online at
www dot  dot com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with designer, Felix cork and
developer, Richard Griffin about working with
Zambia. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman, and this is another
episode of Hansel minutes. And
I'm sitting down here with
Richard Griffin and Felix cork from
contango. And Felix is a
designer and Richard, you are
not, no, I'm not, but
you guys do a lot
of WPF in the real
world. You're out there actually
charging people money, doing this
as a business. Yeah. Yeah.
We have paying customers that
pay for WPF apps and
also silver light applications. It's
real world. We have clients
who, who shout when we
don't deliver and all the
standard stuff that most people
go through. When, when they're
building apps for Now, I'm
starting to do WPF. And
I have noticed that all
of my WPF applications are
ugly. So I'm thinking that
maybe I'm missing something and
that something might be a
designer at my side. Yeah.
Well, the problem is, Hey,
you've got, is that a
developers are used to doing
wind form application development. They
don't realize that was AML.
They can put a really
glossy sheen over it and
you know, they can make
programs look as good as
they, as he want to
be. Yeah. So some people
have said some of the
naysayers have said that it's
kind of a myth that
the idea that there'd be
this designer, that's going to
go and generate all the
work with all those animal
and make it wonderful. And
I think we're putting this
in the, we as a.net,
developers are putting this in
terms of wind forums. Cause
we visualize ourselves like, well,
I guess the designer will
put the button on the
form and I'll write the
code behind. And you know,
that's, that's not reality, but
what is it about SAML
that makes this the separation
of concerns possible? Well, the
good thing about XAML particularly
is that it's accessible to
developers and designers. It's got
strengths for both. I mean,
for me, it's got vector
animations, styling, gradients, colors, shapes,
all the good stuff that
would get in any traditional
vector illustration application. And you've
got your timelines for animation
and also it's for developers.
You've got real ability to
get in there and it's
a very powerful language, more
so than just markup. Yeah.
I, I mean, one of
the things I love about
Samuel is that it's, it's,
it's human readable. Yeah. And
it's highly tolerable. So it
means that designers like Felix
don't necessarily have to crank
tomb at sandal at the
moment. Yeah. You know, the
tools aren't on as good
as what they can be.
But you know, with, even
with a new release of
blends, the June release of
blend, that team is seeing
some really great work, listening
to the community and putting
in some great features. So
as those tools get better,
designers won't need to look
at Samuel. So you said
it was, it was human
readable. So I mean it's
angle brackets, which you, as
a developer, I continue to
remind folks which one of
you is the developer and
which one is the designer
you as about you think
that's a good thing that
you can see the ankle
brackets. It's not just a
blob or a.foo file. And
it's, you can't look inside
it. You like that. It's
also texts. Yeah. Yeah. And
then what was the other
word that you said, tell
us She is human readable
and Tool tool. Yeah. Yeah.
Sorry. That's my dodgy. No,
that's my, that's my dodgy
American accent. So I figured
so it's, two-level in the
sense that there are tools
that can sit on top
of it. Yeah. That was
wanting to ask Felix, do
you care that it's angled
brackets as a designer? Oh,
Because I've got as a
web designer, I've definitely got
experience of HTML CSS, and
a lot of that you
can bring across. I mean,
it's very similar to the
way you do an HTML,
Mark mocked up page, you
to do all your HTML
and then have an external
CSS file to do the
stylings. So this is very
much the same with resource
dictionaries. And so, yeah, there's
a lot of commonality When
you sat down for the
first time like that, the
day that you saw XAML
for the first time, did
you look and say, Oh,
that's HTML, but for richer
applications, I am fired up
blend. And then I started
playing around with the bringing
in images, trying to animate
things, following the tutorials, trying
to add colors and shapes
and what have you and
controls. And then you would
flip over into the split
view and then you can
see what it's there. And
then that was really interesting
because it's kind of like
flash, except you can get
under the hood of it
and really sort of play
around in a really edited,
a very small level. Is
that a strength? I mean,
I did some flash work
when they work, when was
called future wave, which was
many, many, many years ago.
I don't know if you've
ever just before I was
born really just before you
were born. Yeah. Okay. I'm
old. And I mean, the
tool is in your way
sometimes. Yeah, definitely. I do.
You haven't got the, yeah,
it's so good. I mean,
it's given an example of
a mini field. If you've
got an object in your,
on your scene, that's a
pixel out. I mean, you
can have, you can zoom
in and move it around.
We can flip it over
to code and then delete
the one digit it's it's
whatever works best for you.
But it's, I find it
much faster to work like
that. And you find yourself
doing that a lot, a
lot. In fact, the more
I use blend, the more,
the more you have to
get into the code and
do it yourself anyway, because
it's not entirely a hundred
percent perfect. And it's the
same way as you can
use Dreamweaver or expression and
web to visually design webpages.
It's, after a while you
find a lot more efficient
and a lot quicker just
to go in there and
edit it yourself in the
code. And it's not actually
that scary. It's very similar.
There's a lot more proprietary
attributes and tags to get
your head around. And a
lot of different ways of
thinking. I wonder if this
was a lot like a
again, before you were born
in 1991, when people were
doing areas TML, they started,
you know, like the hardest
thing that you could do
when we were all learning
HTML at the birth of
the web was tables. I
mean, literally this was like,
Oh my God tables, T
R T will slow down.
So we would use front
page to make a table.
And then you would flip
over, but after a while,
the whole community matured, and
now you just, you know,
call span, roast band. We
know this stuff in our
heads, we can bang this
out. A notepad is the
same thing gonna happen with
XAML that we're going to
use the blend and use
the designers out of visual
studio. And then eventually we'll
just all get it. And
we'll care less about these
visual designers Very much. That's
exactly what's going to happen.
But blend is really, really
necessary for taking those first
steps. I mean, it's, you
can't just sit there and
start writing out, cranking out
them or without, I mean,
no one new one can
just develop a book about
it and then sit down
and write it straight out.
But, and there's a really,
really good helping hand, especially
the split. It really is
powerful. Yeah. I mean, from
a developer's perspective, I'm doing
WPF and silver light. You've
got to learn land. It's
a great starting point. When,
when do you want to
build a UI control? Hey,
I start in blend. I
don't start in visual studio
because the cider surface itself,
Gender being the code name
for the visual studio. Yeah,
yeah. Designer. Yeah. That's just
not really up to the
job. Let me ask you
this though. Why is it
good? That blend is separate.
I mean, as a visual
studio person, you're the developer.
Do you wish that Glen
was inside of it? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I just want
one tool. You want one
tool? You want the same
quality that Felix was shaking
his head though. It may
be good for you to
have one too. I mean,
coming from a designer's perspective,
I find that no visual
studio is complicated enough sort
of application with too many
applications and parts to it.
And to separate for a
designer. Obviously it'd be great
to have the, some of
the editors, the abilities to
edit as I'm a win
in visual studio, because you're
a, what do you call
it? The, the display sucks
in a visual studio. You
can't see anything of any
substance. So yeah, to make
that kind of clearer, what
I'd actually like in visual
studio is to say, Hey,
I'm a, I'm a creative
developer doing WPF. There's some
sort of option there and
I can select option and
It load up the surface
designer that I want to
use for that particular job.
Do you want to be
able to register, register XAML
editor with visual studio? And
similarly, if I'm a designer,
then I should be able
to fire up the tool
and say, Hey, I'm a
designer doing Silverlight and it
will load up a reduced
set of tooling to make
that easier. Having tilt two
tools means that I have
to have to learn a
new tool, but saying that
learning blend is really quite
cool in terms of it's
a great meeting place for
the developer and the designer.
You don't know anything neither
of, you know, anything about
blend. So it's kind of,
it's, it's a good place
to start building that relationship
because you're both in the
same boat. I think that
designers though are more used
to having six, 12, 20
different tools that they call
on. And they're not at
all uncomfortable with having that,
you know, that group and
explore in there and on
their Mac or it's like,
well, here are the, here's
my tool kit. Well, my
developers are getting more used
to having visual studio be
the kitchen sink. Yeah. So
as a daily routine, it
is, you tend to have
illustrator, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Acrobat, your
web browsers, flush all these
applications open at once. So
with no real change of
perspective, I know developers only
live in one world and
another mode of visual studio,
but yeah. Yeah. I agree
with Felix that as a
dev, you know, we've been
using visual studio, it's our
home for the last kind
of five, six years and
stuff. But the two, the
two tools that I have,
well, the three tools that
I have when I'm, when
I'm doing WPF and Silverlight
is, is visual studio. Cause
Hey, you know, we use
visual studio pretty much. That's
where we live blend to
do my UI pieces. And
what, what tends to happen
is that I'll build the
UI and, and blend. And
then when I actually wants
to go and crank the
XAML by hand, that's where
blends sort of falls over
a little bit. So that's
when I move into visual
studio, it's got contact sensitive,
help. I can deal with
that. I can build it.
I can find that the
errors and all those sorts
of things that we know
and love real easy inside
of visual studio. The other
tool that I use a
lot is cause animal, which
is Robbie, Robbie, and Brexton's
kind of little baby, which
is, which is up on,
on code coat Plex.
K a X, a M
L. And you can search
for that and you'll pick
it up. So it's a
little XAML editor, but it's
a split screen. It's got
all sorts of things like
IntelliSense and whatnot. Yeah. For,
for banging out little, little
samples. But I'm hearing from
you, Richard, that you're more
likely to have a, you
know, one foot squarely in
visual studio and then you
occasionally bring a foot into
the blend, but I'm hearing
Felix that he would never
open visual studio unless forced.
That's definitely not the case.
It used to be when
I first started doing it.
But now it comes really,
really apparent really quickly that
you have to have visual
studio it's as a designer.
It's one of the things
I tell everyone who is
starting out in Silverlight and
a WPF, cause it's a
totally alien environment to work
in the designers. I'd never,
I see that over shoulders
before I started doing WPF,
but I'd never ever installed
it, used it, or even
really knew what it did.
And is that because of
some thing in blend, some
falling down in blend, I
assume, what is it in
blend is not doing that
would let you avoid using
noodle studio. Okay. There's probably
three main things. I use
visual studio for that. You
have to use visual studio
for one, you've got a
site-wide search and replace, which
you haven't got in blend,
which is, you know, paramount
for replacing brushes or styles
or that kind of thing.
The second one is TFS
and that's when you're working
collaboratively, which you have to
be the developer, you've got
to have source control. You
got to be able to
roll back. When I destroyed
a program, I've got to
be able to roll back
to when it's, when it
was stable and also the,
Oh, the third thing is
it for, you can remember
just two things. So, so
I'm hearing source control support
directly in blend. And In
a sense, as Richard mentioned
previously is IntelliSense, which you
know, because you do find
yourself writing more and more
code. I find more XAML
when you become more professional
with it,  June release.
Doesn't have IntelliSense in the
book. Nope. It's called a
very, very shockingly awful code
editor. I hate to say
it, but it just doesn't
really, it's good for it's
really for tweaking for no
way of writing. So what
doesn't sound so bad when
you say it in an
English accent, but still shockingly
awful is shockingly awful. Their
chat is shockingly awful. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman with
a word from our sponsor.
Do you know how to
build web 2.0 Ajax applications
with web 1.0 components? You
really can't. If you want
to do the next generation
web applications you'll need next
generation components. Just like the
ones that our friends at
Telerik have got their rad
controls for ESPN at Ajax.
It's a huge pack of
web controls built on top
of asp.net. Ajax. That'll add
previously impossible performance interactivity to
your next project. The new
controls mirror, the Ajax API
from asp.net. So development is
really straightforward. The client scripts
are shared. So loading time
is not a problem. If
you just set a couple
of properties and you'll be
able to automatically bind a
web services for a really
efficient operation, the new rad
editor from ESPN Ajax, Telerik
loads up to four times
faster than before. And the
new rad grid handles thousands
of records and just milliseconds,
but as always, it's best
to try for yourself. So
you can visit  dot
com slash ASP, net Ajax,
and download a trial. Thanks
a lot. So what is
your standard workflow? If you're
going to sit down and
make an application tomorrow, something,
you know, something trivial. If
you're going to go write
a baby smash, where would
you start? What's the workflow?
Like, did he just say
Again, you can't say things
like that And baby smashed
before you read it last
night, I could design it.
You could design it. So
what's the workflow like amp
at this game. You know,
I want babies to play
with it. There's there's interaction
of course, but ultimately right
now my shapes look like,
well, they're ugly, cause I'm
not a designer, but just
use that as an example,
what's the workflow you sit
down and we've caught the
concept. Now what, So pretty
much where we start is
that I'll kind of kick
things off by, by setting
up the project. So quite
the solution, quite the projects
inside that solution just as
you do. And you're, you
know, as you doing at
the moment, more than likely,
I'm much more qualified to
go file new project than
Felix is. Well, maybe If
you do find a new
food blend, you don't get
the same kind of setup
and solution. It's not quite
as complete. I believe Really.
So if you file new
project on an implant is
a different, you finally project
the individual studio. It sounds
like if that's the case,
that's a problem. Yeah. I
think that's the case. There
are definitely a differences between
when you're creating, when you're
creating assets and blend and
comparisons, when you create new
visual studio, which the templates
don't necessarily line up. Exactly.
Yeah. You can't drop the
hair. There isn't a web.
There isn't a web file.
You can't just, you don't
get an index HTML generated
for you. You have to
go through, add it to
another solution in visual studio.
So I can create a
Silverlight project. I can't open
up the folder and running
the thing like entrepreneur web
browser. Oh, interesting. So I
th I think what we
did with that was we
just kind of opened it
up and visual studio and
did the pre compiled web
thing built that in release
and pushed that out. And
Felix put that up on
the, So you make the
new project and now you've
got it and that's checked
into source control. So Felix
can get to it. And
that way Yep. So what
we're turning to do there
is use a kind of
model view presenter style Pason
because it NWTF, and Silverlight,
it's all about the data.
If you get your, if
you get your data model
right, then everything's good. Everything's
cool. If, if you get
it wrong then, because data
Barney's is so powerful in
WPF, you can really sort
of not take full advantage
of, of data binding. And
that's kind of something we,
we saw in the, in
the baby smash was that,
you know, you could be
using data binding a lot.
You could be taking advantage
of that power. So once
that's kind of done and
everything's checked into to TFS
or whatever source control management
system, you're using it's time
for the designer, Felix, to,
to start doing his school
stuff on top. Yeah. So
once the project is all
set up and Northern TFS
and all available to me,
I'll open up the CS
project and blend and I'll,
I'll have one monitor. Normally
I'll take the Photoshop mock-up
or the illustrator mock-up and
then I'll with blend and
the other window I'll start
laying it out. I'll lay
out the grid structure to
start with. So I've got
loud in place. I can
start dropping in assets that
I've exported from illustrator using
the Mike Swanson plugin. And I'll
take that all those, the
vector or the vector goodness,
and all the bitmaps and
I'll start laying them out
and doing the basic sort
of controls. So your mock-up
might be in Photoshop or
in a paint program. It's
an illustrator, but blend isn't
to the point where you're
going to go and do
your mockups in there. Oh,
no, no way. It's not
mature enough as an application
competitor, Photoshop and illustrator. I
mean, it's, it's very, it's
got mean you can draw
rectangles and ellipses and some
sort of path tool, but
it's really, really, especially when
you're experienced as a designer
and every designer knows Photoshop
and illustrator inside out. The
tool that you're referring to
is the XAML export tool
from Mike Swanson, which was been
a very, very long time
ago. Yeah. It's been great.
Ever since I first learned
to BPF, which a couple
of two or three years
ago, that tool has been
a illustrator plugin has been
available to me and I
use it I'd say daily,
But it hasn't been a
rev since 2004 is unbelievable.
It's such a vital tool.
And really, if it was
gone, what would happen I'd
might have to start using
expression design, which would be
a terrible shame because it's
not nearly as clean or
as useful Illustrator plug it.
They use illustrator exports, a
fundamental part of your workflow.
Okay. So now you've created
your XAML and you've got
him off making it prettier
while I assume simultaneously you're
working on the interactions, the,
the mouse down events and
all. No, not really. One
of the things I want
to just pick up on
very quickly before we kind
of move on with the
rest of the workflow is
that as, as Felix has
just said, you know, designers
inherently know how to do
vector graphics. So don't do
bit flatbed maps anymore by
doing, by doing vector graphics,
you know, instantly we can
have something that, that looks
pretty similar to those flat
PSDs because we have, we
can just import those vector
graphics, then you know what
clients are like, you know,
you, as soon as you've
got a cool looking background,
they think that the, the
apps kind of finished and
built. So yeah, it's, it's
a really great sort of
productive way of building your
application. So you're saying, Bringing
in P and G bitmaps
of any kind that is
just anathema to what you're
trying to accomplish in WPF
Sometimes. Yes and no. I
mean, obviously they don't scale
all, then they're not resolution
independent. So they, they are,
there can be a bit
of a curse, but also
you, you have to use
them. You have to use
them. I mean, if you're
going to do small icons,
I find the anti-aliasing is
very strong and WPF and
it can blur the lines.
And also for when using
bitmap effects, I tend to
use alpha transparent PNGs for
drop shadows and glows. Cause
it's very CPU inexpensive, so
you have to use them.
But yeah, ideally use back
to when you can sort
of This part though, vectors
a year, that's there, your
heavy lifting should be done
in Victor. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Alright. So once we've got
this point, we've got the
project set up, we've got
some layout now. So we've
kind of got the basic
skeleton in the UI of
how this, how this app's
going to look. The next
stage really is, is, is
data. So we need to
get that, that data from
the data model up and
into the UI. So my
next job really is, is
all about data binding and
building those data templates in
XAML, I'm ready for Felix
to start styling that data
that's coming through. Now, You
give him a basic data.
How do you give him,
you know, data? You don't
necessarily have him hooking up
to a database. You might
want to just give him
some sample data. How do
you give him that? So,
you know, when you're building
projects that the database guys
or, or, or this service
kind of the guys that
are programming that backend side
of things, whether that's SOA
or, or some sort of
data access layer, they haven't
got any data ready for
you to wire straight up
to. So what, what we
tend to do is we
tend to just create some
simple XML data islands inside
of the XAML. And those
kinds of look the same
sort of shape as a
D as the data that
we're expecting from the, from
the data access, layers, low
down Properties line up appropriately,
even though it's something entirely
different than what will eventually
be used. Yeah. Because the
data binding expressions are, are
just strings, right? So you
can say, I want to
refer to first name and
last name, and whether that's
from an XML Islander from
a, an object, it doesn't
matter. Sure. So you can,
you can just swap those
strength, swipe straight out and,
you know, change a bit
of the XAML and write
some code to, to bind
up to the data context.
And Hey, it's so long
as that, as long as
those properties are existing on
your business objects, then there's
no, there's no sense to
recharge Binding the bridge that
keeps the designer and the
developer, you know, together. Is
that the, is it the
interstitial tissue? Yes. Well, a
huge part of my world
really. I mean, I mostly
leave that to the experts.
I mean, it's great to
have it there and I
can sort of totally that,
but realistically, it's, I'm dealing
with the way that the
data is presented rather than
getting the data in there.
So, you know, as soon
as the techs come in
to the application, I can
start it I'd change them,
how it's going to look,
but really as Richard's world,
the developer world, is that
what you're doing? We'll give
them a sample in Jamel
and you'll say, well, you
know, see all these squares
and align with people's names
in them. That's pretty much
how it should look except
make it wonderful. Yeah. Yeah,
pretty much. So my world
is, is pretty similar to,
to the world, which has
always lived in with regards
to me, going and chatting
with other geeks and finding
out, you know, what C-sharp
w do we need to
use? What are the, what
are the patterns we need
to use and, and understanding
what the developers low down
in the level in those
layers that we have want.
And then kind of translating
that geeky dev talk into
something that Felix can understand
so that we can work
out together, how, you know,
this is the data that
we're getting through, is it
the right type of data
and how we bend that
data and then the XAML
and the C sharp to
make sure that we build
something that, that looks great.
And it's great. And is
this a fundamentally different way
from working with a designer
on a webpage or doing
CSS and HTML and, you
know, kind of standard web
2.0 div type stuff is
XAML and the way that
that works and the way
that you interact with a
designer fundamentally different, or is
it very similar? Well, yes,
it's different, but it really
depends how you're working at
the moment. If you're working
in a, in a very
agile, scrum based approach, XP
type approach, then it's highly
possible that developers are already
working with designers. But in
the most part, what we
see is that designers build
in Photoshop. And then basically
once that's done, it's kind
of Chuck it over the
wall and that dev spec
it up. And it's kind
of how do we build
this in this technology? So
we kind of take, take
baby steps together. And for
each kind of little, couple
of steps that we take,
we're feeding back with one
another to make sure that
the technology can bend in
the way that we want
it to bend. And obviously
if it doesn't, then we
might buy that that might
be a performance issue. So
we pick up those issues
a lot quicker rather than
the traditional approach, which is
maybe Felix doing all the
design and then handing that
over, ready for me to
do my data. So it's
not a thing where Felix
works for weeks and weeks
and comes up with the
grand, the grand XAML and
then hands it to you.
It is a constant collaboration.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. It has.
It absolutely has to be
that way we believe. And
the consequence of that is,
you know, and I'm still
amazed by this with WPF
and Silverlight how quickly we
can build great looking apps
using this kind of really
collaborative, iterative way of working.
It means, you know, the
apps that we're we're giving
away. Well, you know, we
built those in a couple
of days. If we were
to build those in asp.net
with standard web technologies, then
you know, that would take
a lot longer for us
to do that. The learning
curve though, I mean, I'm
two weeks, three weeks into
WPF, and I'm still trying
to get shapes on the
screen for babies while you're
telling me you're putting together
data, you know, data bound
applications in three days that
are gorgeous. So not only
do I not have the
designer in my pocket, but
I'm obviously still going up
the learning curve Hill. Sure.
I think that, I think
the big problem that you
have at the moment with,
with baby smash is that
you don't have any designers
on board. So for you
designers that are out there,
if you, if, if you
want to check out, you
know, Scott COVID and the
rest of the developers that
there could really do with
some, some help, I think
with regards to making something
look really, really cool, Because
if we don't solve this
baby smash problem, I don't
know what the history, you
know, the future of VPF
is going to be. Yeah.
Yeah. It will be over
for WPF if you don't
get the baby smash Learning
curve. I mean, how, how
hard was this for? When,
when did it click for
you and then what, you
know, how, how much harder
am I gonna have to
pound my head against the
wall before the snap? So
I think with, with XAML
XAML based technologies, the concepts
are really cool. Yeah. So
we get the concept. Yeah,
Yeah. I get it. Now
I will tell you this,
I get the concepts that
took about two days, and
now I see how data
binding a work in, and
now that I've had some
really great refractors from the
community, I'm starting to get
that. Yeah. Now that the
depth of it is, is
I'm drowning. Sure. There's 18
ways to do the exact
same thing. One of them
is right. So the learning
curve is steep. I think
the initial concepts, we, we
can grow really quickly and
kind of say, yeah, that's,
that's better than what's come
before, but it's actually writing
that code that XAML, which,
you know, can, can be
very painful at times. One
of the things that that
kind of helped me was,
was cause I'm, you know,
just playing with, with
and being able to write
XAML and in a way,
which you know, is really
playing really poking what's what
can be done rather than
starting with blend and blend,
creating lots and lots of
XAML. And, and you're not
really knowing what's going on
under the covers. But one
thing I would say is
for all the guys out
there and girls, sorry, that
are out there, I'm developing
it and wanting to do
more as animal-based technologies is
really start with Silverlight it's
smaller. And as you just
said, you know, Microsoft tend
to provide too many ways
of doing one thing. Whereas
in Silverlight what you'll find
is, is because it's, it's
a newer technology there, and
there's only one way mainly
today, And it's a constraint,
it's a constraint system and
constraint runtime. Yeah. The kind
of the mental map of
Silverlight is a lot smaller.
And you can grok that
mental map real quick. And
once you, you know, once
you start cranking the XAML
and silver light, then you
can understand the concepts and
start to get those concepts
better. Understood. And your mind.
And once that's happened, then
it's a pretty easy switch
to go from, from silver
light into WPF because Hey,
you know, it's just animal.
All right. Very cool. And
anything you want to add,
Felix, as we, as we
wrap up here? Yeah. Well,
I just think it's very
true that I think it's
great place as we keep
mentioning. It's a great place
for blends, a great place
for the designer and developer
to sort of work together.
But also as they're both
learnings, I'm all, you both
have to learn them all.
Or at least the concepts
of vendors have really good
space for you to both
start owning it together. So
he was helping me, I'll
find out something he'll tell
me. And so it was
a really good way, a
learning laboratory building with me.
Very cool. Well, thanks so
much for sitting down with
me to talk about WPF
pilots, cork and Griffin. Thanks
so much from Vincente.